Various races in [[Aanghakan]] live in secluded villages, or are inherently nomad in nature, but all tend to form small groups and factions.


- **The Popori** : a race of descent from mountain halflings and earthling gnomes, these people of nomads navigate amongst the most treacherous terrains and are capable guides. The Popori are simple humanoid people who worship the Earth Mother and speak a mix of old dwarven and common. It's not unusual for castaways from the Popori tribe to employ themselves as expert guides. While most humanoid in nature, their relationship with nature has led them to evolve animal like characteristics.

- **Skullies:** Once a fearful legend, the Skullies have recently surged in notoriety due to the resurrection of a powerful lich, Lich Beard, with a peculiar fascination for piracy. These undead beings, often sporting attire reminiscent of sea marauders, are known for their ruthless tactics and dark magic. Despite their loyalty to Lich Beard, the Skullies are not mindless minions; they possess a unique conscience and are independent of the lich himself and some even organize in independent factions. Those who are most loyal to Lich Beard are directed around to the lich's commands, often undertaking piratical raids under his directive. While during the day they appear as normal humans, during nights of full moon they take on their true form. They communicate in a distorted version of the languages they spoke in life, and are recognized by their skeletal forms adorned with tattered naval attire and eerie, glowing eyes. #Master-Notes Normal humanoid creatures may become a Skullie by dying during a full moon while holding part of Lich Beard's treasure, which is the Lich's phylactery. All Skullies drop a golden doubloon for this reason.
  
  
  